hey everyone I've got Kayleigh out here
and I decided to show you guys all how
adorable she looks in her new little
Dumbo dress that I got from the Disney
Store online I did a box opening video
of it so a lot of you guys have probably
seen the outfit already but I wanted to
show you guys how cute she looks in it
she's actually holding her little
stuffed elephant here - it's not Dumbo
but I didn't have a stuffed Dumbo
so she's just holding this little
elephant right now okay let's move this
just for a minute so everybody can see
your pretty dress there we go
put him down there for a second there
she is
and it is so cute it's got this this
little sweater top and their little
little bows on the dress so over polka
dots
it's got Dumbo around the trim on the
bottom and little clouds little some
little clouds have like a little their
silver the silver lining there you go
oh it's super cute Dumbo has always been
one of my favorite Disney movies from
when I was a kid I always liked like the
animal movies that Disney had 101
Dalmatians and Dumbo and Bambi things
like that so they're always one of my
favorites so when I saw this dress I
just had to get it it is so super cute
and then I bought this little bow to go
with it well it's not really a little
it's a probably the biggest bow she has
but all the colors match so it's really
pretty
it was probably one of our most fancy
dresses other than her christening dress
but so stinkin cute and you see if I can
show you guys the back really reach
around the back here here we move up
here a little bit hmm
there we go it's got a bow on the back
of the dress
that's really cute there we go
well there she is such a pretty girl and
the shoes do not fit unfortunately they
are the same size they're the 12 to 18
month size which is what the dress set
is but they are just they're way too big
so if any of you guys out there are
looking to get these little Disney shoes
for your reborn toddlers the size 12 to
18 month is way too big so I would try
going with the 6 to 12 month instead but
they're they're super cute but
unfortunately I'm gonna have to either
exchange them or return them because
they're just they're way too big so I'll
see if I can show you and they do have
they do have these in like a whole bunch
of different ones for a like they go
with different movies and things so you
can get I think they have Rapunzel and
they have a little mermaid and a
Cinderella and you know things like that
see if I can get that on I want to end
it there we go see as you can see it's
just it's really big for tozer
right there
it's just law they're really wide too so
they're just way too big on her Oh
unfortunately so I'm not sure if I'm
gonna return those or exchange them or
what I'm gonna do but but I just thought
I'd show you guys all how adorable miss
Kaley is in her new dress I just think
it is so so cute well there she is and I
hope you guys all enjoyed watching I
hope the lighting out here is okay
I have trouble doing videos in the house
because the lighting coming through the
windows is too bright and then the the
lighting if I just turn the lights on in
the evening it makes it too yellowy like
so I try doing this the other day and it
just it came out like way too yellow
tinted because of the light so decided I
do this out here the evening now so the
sun's going behind the trees so
hopefully the Lighting's okay back up
here I'm tripping over the hose there
she is such a pretty girl all right well
thank you guys all for watching